So I'm hearing what you're saying.
And also a lot of people echoing in the
chat have like, the challenge of having
to do them the mental gymnastics of write
the code in the repository over here.
And then write down a description
of the code that you
wrote in a completely different platform.
>> Right.
>> And yes that there's some
solutions like just as you had
mentioned acknowledging that
it's important to write docs.
I think that requires
a level of discipline.
And if teams for
whatever reason aren't adopting
that level of discipline,
the problem will persist.
And th is all just that
it really resonates with
how we are approaching
solving this problem.
We're starting to stand up
a tool called Backstage
>> I think I know what that is, yeah.
>> It was originally
implemented at Spotify.
>> And building something like that.
>> Yeah they open sourced a bunch of
what they've built for for internal use.
And a big part of it is
like a documentation.
Think of it like a virtual centralization
of all the documentation so
you can pull in readmes you
can pull in things static
documentation that was
built with make docs.
You can write your own plugins
to pull in wiki content or
you can write your own READMEs or
whatever you want.
So that's kind of the avenue
we're exploring where we've
got the fragmentation.
How can we at least unify it so
that it makes it more easily indexable,
but teams can still manage it in
a way that's ergonomic for them.
It's co-locating the docs
next to the code so
that it's more likely
to stay up to date so.
>> Yeah, wow, okay.
>> So great conversation and
reassures me that yep,
we we're listening to our customers and
we're hearing what they have to say.
>> And, right, yeah.
Okay, and this is what I love
about writing documentation is,
when you start getting comfortable with
it, you start finding yourself like,
okay, I'm ready for the next step, right?
So what I would say is, what is our
proposed solution, right in this case,
right, and
it doesn't have to be technically, right?
But I think one of the things that we
need to propose across the company as
an organisation is standardisation and
culture around these issues, right?
And I think really
the bigger one rather than
standardization is really just culture,
right?
As I said before I've written
documents where it's basically been,
hey solve a technical problem and
then I've had to be like yeah
this isn't a technical problem.
[LAUGH] This is a culture problem.
You need to be able to write
that as your first line and
be confident that you're going
to go into a meeting with that.
Be like listen, we could do I can
make pigs fly if you want, but
it doesn't mean that like
it's gonna solve our problem.
And I do think that hands down before
going anything else culture is going to be
a big one here.
Whether it be culture of making sure
our co workers are creating tickets.
And making sure that we have like again,
I actually love the idea
of keeping it close to the.
>> Essentially, contextually what you're
working on, but it's harder, right?
And so you need to be aware of that.
Okay, we're doing this purposely.
If anybody brings up why we do this,
it's because we want that information
to be consumed quicker, right?
And so
that's going to be culture around that.
The next thing I would say too is
improve standards for messaging, right?
We talked a bit about how we
want messaging to happen.
So we're going to need to
improve standards around it.
Again, when a problem is raised,
making sure because
it's not just like
an overall culture problem.
But we really need to make sure we're
still tackling the topics we've discussed.
And sometimes even though it sounds like
these may be, twice, it doesn't matter.
We're iterating that this
is a huge problem, right?
And this is impacted by that problem,
right?
And then I would say as
well improve standards
around linking information, right?
And this could be something as
simple as saying like, okay,
we are going to decide to put
things in different places.
How are we gonna link these things, right?
How do we make sure that when we send
out an email that it always gets back to
the place that it needs to get to,
you know what I mean?
So again, this can be our emails, or so?
Yeah, our emails basically,
this is our messaging, right?
And here is really where we
talk about our documentation.
And you can see how we're kind
of addressing these problems.
The one that we're not going to
go into because then it gets,
[LAUGH] It probably would make this
document 10 times bigger is what
solution we would write our documents in,
Rright?
I would leave that to you guys
because again, I would say we are open
to fragmentation of documentation, but
want to provide the best tools, right?
Like, what did you say
it was called again?
>> Backstage.
>> Backstage, right, backstage to be
the GLUE of these information, right?
And I think that like this
is the biggest takeaway.
That we need something that's going
to be the GLUE of all of that.
And if we have that GLUE as well
as standards around linking,
as well as standards around messaging, and
making a good overall culture
of just documenting things.
Then there's a solid chance that at least
it won't be as crazy as it was before and
hopefully you can start
taking steps forward.
Again, these are very simple,
proposed solutions here, but
this helps us at least get us in the
mindset of it's not a technical problem.
We got to fix this.
There anything else we feel like we
would add to this proposed solution?
Cool, if that's the case,
then realistically,
what you should be able to do is take
this and then take it to your team lead.
Take it to more friends don't just
go directly to the team with that
because they will shred you alive.
Yeah, I would at this point,
I would go to a coworker and be like, hey,
what do you think of this?
I would have the same conversation that we
had or that we had, and break it down and
be like, man, I didn't think about that.
Go back, do it a couple times.
And then by that point, we'd be good.
>> Just to comment from chat.
>> Yeah.
>> Institutional knowledge should
be treated with as much respect.
There's tangible assets or even
revenue yeah but there's no process or
pipeline around maintaining
cultivating and
proliferating institutional knowledge
the whole organization suffers.
>> Yep, and that is money literally
that's money that people.
A lot of the business just doesn't
fully realize because the developers
aren't portraying that enough.
And saying this is money guys you're
gonna either hire somebody new or
you know I'm gonna do it for
you, but yeah.
[LAUGH]